README.md, before:

# tRandom v0.3

tRandom is a simple, cross-platform, psuedo-random number generator for games and draws.  Written in Python using tkinter.

# License

Distrubuted under the GPLv3 license.

# About

I created tRandom while a Python beginner, I was attempting to gain experience and create my first GUI application.  Here it is to share for all.

# Installing

A deb package is available for v0.2 with two minor know issues.  This has only been tested on Ubuntu 18.04, but being a 100% Python application with only included packages imported, it should run happily all over the place.

To install elsewhere, the `tRandom.py` and `icon.png` files should be kept in the same folder, as long as you have the dependencies listed below installed, you will be able to launch the `tRandom.py` file directly.  On Windows devices you may want to rename the `py` file to `tRandom.pyw` which will launch the program without a console window opening.

# Dependencies

If installing using the deb package all dependencies should be taken care of.

- `python3` (Tested on 3.8)
- `python3-tk`

# Contributing

If you do fancy contributing then please do feel free to do so, if you like, you can also add your name below.

# Contributors

Fred Boniface

Commit message:

Added [fr] and [de] language to the launcher

README.md, after:

# tRandom v0.4

tRandom is a simple, cross-platform, psuedo-random number generator for games and draws.  Written in Python using tkinter.

# License

Distrubuted under the GPLv3 license.

# About

I created tRandom while a Python beginner, I was attempting to gain experience and create my first GUI application.  Here it is to share for all.

# Installing

A deb package is available for v0.2 with two minor know issues.  This has only been tested on Ubuntu 18.04, but being a 100% Python application with only included packages imported, it should run happily all over the place.

To install elsewhere, the `tRandom.py` and `icon.png` files should be kept in the same folder, as long as you have the dependencies listed below installed, you will be able to launch the `tRandom.py` file directly.  On Windows devices you may want to rename the `py` file to `tRandom.pyw` which will launch the program without a console window opening.

# Dependencies

If installing using the deb package all dependencies should be taken care of.

- `python3` (Tested on 3.8)
- `python3-tk`

# Known Issues

- When installing with the DEB, the package will show in the `Lost & Found` category in your app launcher (At least on KDE Plasma).

# Contributing

If you do fancy contributing then please do feel free to do so, if you like, you can also add your name below.

# Contributors

Fred Boniface
